[Tree] `recover()` supports multiple fields in sortByField and sortDirection (#2612)
doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Tree: `setSibling()` and `getSibling()` methods in the `Node` interface through the BC `@method` annotation

> - Tree: `recover()` supports multiple fields in `sortByField` and `sortDirection` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tree: Support array of fields and directions in the `$sortByField` and `$direction` parameters at `AbstractTreeRepository::recover()`
```
